How many languages and dialects are spoken by people all over the world?	6000	9000	4000	1000	2
Approximately, how many people speak Chinese language?	1billion	1million	1lakh	1thousand	1
The language with the richest vocabulary is:	hindi	french	english	german	3
English Language have more than ?? words:	450000	45000	4500	450	1
The oldest Indian language is:	telugu	hindi	tamil	punjabi	3	
Which book has been printed in the maximum number of languages and these scripts?	The Bible	Hiraka Sutra	The Super Book	Noneofthese	1	
The only religious book ever printed in a shorthand scripts is	The Ramayana	The Mahabharata	The bible	Guru Granth Sahib	3	
The oldest printed work in the world, which dates back to AD 868 is:	The Bible	The Hirake Sutra	The Ramayana	The Mahabharata	2
The largest book, the super book, is ?? and weight is ??	270 cm, 300 cm, 252 kg.	100 cm, 110 cm, 100 kg.	200 cm, 100 cm, 60 kg.	None of these	1
Les Hommes de bonne volonté is the:	Longest novel ever published	Shortest novel every published	The oldest novel	None of these	1
The author of the play/book ?Ratnawali? is:	Tulsidas	Kalidas	Harsha Vardhan	Prem Chand	3		
Which of the following in the book/play written by Maithili Sharan Gupt?	Saket	Satyartha Prakash	Shakuntala	Savitri	1
The book ?Satyartha Prakash? was written by:	Swami Dayanand	Swami Vivekanand	Sarojini Naidu	Kalidas	1
The play/book ?Shakuntala? was written by:	Maithili Sharan gupt	Swami Dayanand	Kalidas	Tulsidas	3	
Which of the following is the author of ?Song of India, The?:	Firdausi	Sarojini Naidu	Lala Lajpat Rai	Sri Aurobindo Ghosh	2	
The author of the book ?Time machine? is:	Lewis Carroll	Robert Louis Stevenson	Charles Lamb	H.G. Wells	4
Which of the following book was written by Tulsidas:	Vinay Patrika	Ramcharitmanas	Both (a) and (b)	Yashodhara	3
The book ?Vish Vriksha? was written by:	Bankimchandra Chatterjee	Annie Basant	Tulsidas	Kalidas	1
The book ?We Indians? was written by:	H.G. Wells	Khushwant Singh	James Jeans	Thomas Moore	2	
Which of he follow ing is he author of play/book ?Yashodhara?:	Maithili Sharan Gupt	Khushwant Singh	Bankimchandra C hatterjee	Sarojini Naidu	1
Dhyan Chand was:	A great hockey player	Captained he Indian h ockey team which won a gold medal in 1936 Berlin Olympics	Scored 101 goals at the Olympic games and 300 goals in the international matches 	All the statements are correct	4
Who developed the small pox vaccination?	Eduard Jenner	Alexander Fleming	Albert Einstein	None of these	1
Euclid was:	Greek mathematician	Contributor to the use of deductive principles of logic as the basis of geometry	Propounded the geometrical theosems	All the statements are correct	4
Fa-hien was:	The first Buddhist pilgrim of China to visit India during the reign of Chandragupta Vikramaditya	The discover of Puerto Rico and Jamaica	The first Buddhist pilgrim of India to visit China	None of these	1	
Firdausi was:	A person poet	Well known for his epic ?Sharnama?	Both are correct	None of these	3	
Who is also kno wn as the ?Lady with the Lamp??	Florence Nightingale	Sarojini Naidu	Rani Laxmibai	Bachendri Pal	1	
Gabriel Daniel F ahrenheit was:	A German Physicist	Developed the merc ury thermometer in 1714	Devised temperature scale	All are correct	4
Galileo was an I talian astronomer who:	Developed the telescope	Discovered 4 satellites of Jupiter	Discovered that the movement o f the pendulum produces a regular time measurement.	All are correct	4
Who is known a s the father of English poetry?	Geoffrey Chaucer	John Milton	John Keats	None of these	1
The American G eneral who led the revolt against the British & declared American independence was:	George Washington	Bill Clinton	George Bush	Noneofthese	1